Todo List for the DB Browser Application

Target		Assigned	Todo
Version		Developer	Item

v 1.2.0		PAC	(done)	Consolidate prefs and ContactProvider lists into one
						one XML config file.
						
v 1.2.0		PAC (done)	Create tab pane on options dialog.  Add tab for
                        configuring Connection Providers.
							
v 1.2.0		PAC	(done)	Allow for saving (and loading) of connection
                        parameters.

v 1.2.0		PAC (done)	Fix bug where license.html is not loaded from within a
						jar archive.

v 1.2.0		PAC (drop)	Implement the ability to edit cells in the resultset.
						The implementation of this feature was dropped because
						many JDBC drivers do not yet support the JDBC 2 update
						methods of java.sql.Resultset.
						
v 1.2.0		PAC	(done)	Add an option that forces ResultSetTableModel to load
						the entire resultset rather than caching over time.
						
v 1.2.0		PAC (done)	Add an option that allows the user to set the cache
						paging size.  (This code was combined with the load of
						entire resultset mentioned in the item above.)
						
v 1.2.0		PAC	(done)	Put login prompt on connection panel rather than
						in a dialog.
						
v 1.2.0		PAC (done)	Make DB Object browser refresh work.
						
v 1.2.0		PAC	(drop)	Implement the ability to display multiple resultsets
						for statements that produce them.  The mulit-tab
						interface is sufficient for now.  This may be
						revisited later.
							
v 1.2.0		PAC (done)	Add table/view/field insertion into the sql statment
						statement via drag-drop from database structure tree
						tree view into SQL edit text.

v 1.2.0		PAC (done)	Add reporting of row count for selects and reporting
						of execute time for selects and updates.

v 1.2.0		PAC (done)	Provide ability to save and restore size and position
                        of main frame and db view dialog.

v 1.2.1		PAC (done)	Autosize columns by doubleclicking on left column
						header division (like Windows' mulit-column listview
						control.)

v 1.3.0		MGB/PAC		Add Toolbar
			(done)

v 1.3.0		PAC (done)	Create a generic JDBC connection provider.  The new
						connection provider is
						us.pcsw.dbbrowser.JDBCConnectionProvider

v 1.3.0		PAC (done)	Added code to the command line parser so that the user
						can indicate a stored connection parameters file to be
						loaded at startup.

v 1.3.0		PAC (done)	Add option to store login secret with other connection
						info.

v 1.3.0		PAC (done)	Moved Connectin provider base classes and Implemtation

v 1.3.0		PAC (done)	Added right-click menu to the DB view dialog that has
						menu items for retrieving procedure and view text.

v 1.3.0		PAC (done)	Fixed a bug in which connection changes in cloned tabs
						were not being shown in tab captions or window title.
						
v 1.3.0		PAC (done)	Added a configuration option for the font used to
                        display results.

v 1.4.0		PAC (done)	Made changes so that SQL statements are executed in
                        seperate threads.  Because of this, the GUI is now
                        able to refresh while long running SQL statements are
                        executed.

Wishlist:

v ?.?.?					Add a method to see Clob column values in oracle
                        results.

v ?.?.?		MGB/PAC		Implement bug reporting feature.

v ?.?.?					Create Help documentation.
							
v ?.?.?					Implement printing support

v ?.?.?					Add syntax color highlighting for SQL statements. This
						includes a menu option and to enable / disable syntax
						color highlighting.  Also includes application option
						for syntax	color highlighting to be enabled / disabled
						by default on startup.

v ?.?.?					Implement the ability to edit cells in the resultset.
						(As of the last time I checked, the PostgreSQL and
						 MySQL drivers do not implement the proper JDBC
						 methods to do this.  Although DB Browser is not
						 database implementation specific, the limitation of
						 these two drivers does make this feature less
						 usefull.  PAC)

v ?.?.?					Applet implementation